0:00: Take that shed information and match it up with the grower and the field and all that, and then charge them. 
 0:07: You don't have a work order like a date. 
 0:10: Like a well we have like we have. 
 0:15: You can work for cost center for the farm and oh yeah, we have a cost center and it charges to that and it'll it'll automate after that but all that initial time when it's when we're getting into reconciliation and all that stuff, so when, when it's coming together all this side is manual and we've got a team and it's been very hard for us to. 
 0:31: People in that team as we grow because it's a lot of manual like checking on this, you know, did this supply actually go to this grower? 
 0:40: OK, you know, was that a 6 or an 8 and then growers are always complaining I didn't pick this up or I did pick this up or that's not the right quantity and, and so there's a lot of back and forth and manual, parts of that. 
 0:53: So if we can. 
 0:54: Automate that charging that you can get rid of 95% of it, that's the 90% of, yeah, even 90% of it, and then just deal with the problems that would be way nicer for us and whether or not that's something like where it scans the tickets and it can kind of know what it's doing. 
 1:11: There are like no, no the supplies that went out then reconcile like the produce that you are, the supplies to the the different different growers growers, automation of operations, automation of operations reconciliation. 
 1:28: So what is this accounting is this yours along that same line, the accounts payable, you know, it's like all the invoices that are coming in matching up to what's been, what's pending, right, processing proof of payment. 
 1:41: I have seen this walking around some of your offices, right? 
 1:45: Like there's text of checks and somebody. 
 1:47: Telling me like, you know what, these checks come in. 
 1:50: I have to go look in famous go look in I say what is this for? 
 1:52: Make sure this is the right check. 
 1:54: Then I have to find out who paid, who didn't pay, right? 
 1:57: And then I have to compose an email or make a phone call who didn't pay. 
 2:01: And so is cash collection, an important problem? 
 2:04: Is this something? 
 2:06: Like, would you like it's just tedious. 
 2:07: Yeah, it's tedious. 
 2:08: It's it's time, yeah, I, I think like if there was a system which can take input like whatever like open invoice paper for open invoices, right, and open things which are delivered three-way matches already happened and you know you can take a picture of maybe checks, right, but it automatically tells you what is not paid. 
 2:30: And, and it could have like something on the web or laptop or a thing, but you can pick your phone out and like I have 30 checks, you know what, I want to do this, but I'm just going to turn on a video and just scan them off, right? 
 2:43: And, and it's, it, it, it looks one frame at a time and check at a time and says boom, hey, I composed all those emails and I put it in your outbox in Outlook or Gmail, so you just have to read it and click boom. 
 2:56: So basically, so what you're trying to do is get the checks automatic cash collection, right? 
 3:02: Cash, yeah, cash collection, is it a big problem and and AP matching. 
 3:11: Yeah, say that again. 
 3:11: A manual cash too much manual work. 


 0:00: When we go through a recall, we gotta make sure we account for everything, and there's gonna be fees that I have to pay. 
 0:07: For example, I'm a food distributor. 
 0:09: I work with, grower shipper. 
 0:12: Then I also work with the food distributor that I'm working with. 
 0:14: Let's say it's Cisco or somebody. 
 0:17: Then I also gotta work with the, the food distributor or not food distributor, food, food chain. 
 0:22: We'll say panda. 
 0:23: So now you gotta do a recall, recovery because every part of the chain is gonna have a fee for the recall, so that process is very intense. 
 0:36: For example, the, the last one that I dealt with it. 
 0:40: When I, when I started working for a food distributor, it was, it was ongoing and it was on year 2, and it still hasn't been finalized due to everything just not non-aligned. 
 0:50: So I just want to clarify one thing. 
 0:51: You don't mean recall as in like a safety recall, but this is just like the produce was not, this involves a recall. 
 0:57: So after a recall happens, yeah, so this is, this is post recall. 
 1:04: There's. 
 1:04: Steps that has to be taken from the shipper grower, your distributor, and also the retailer or the food service, chain, and, and this is also related to the accounting problem, kind of thing, accounting, those, those, those two. 
